take a look at this great 2015 see 300
for mercedes-benz 100% brand new they've
redesigned it to the max let's talk
about this one specifically so first off
you can see the great new front end it's
got this little teardrop design in the
headlights which is fantastic and then
the signature new Mercedes Benz dropping
line that comes from that headlight and
drops through the rest of the vehicle
you're gonna start to notice that in all
of the different Mercedes here over the
next few years
it all started out with our 14 CLA and
s-class and now it's integrated in the
brand new 2015
c-class so specific to this model this
one comes in palladium silver really
nice metallic color this one's got the
AMG sports styling package so 18-inch
AMG 5 spoke wheel you get a little extra
body in the front and the interior I'll
show you a couple things in there that
are specific to the sports styling as
well now the C's always been kind of
called the baby s and that kind of
carries over as well these taillights
really look exactly like the new s-class
and it's just a really clean look of
course 4matic here in badging
that's our all-wheel drive system so
you're always gonna get around great in
our Minnesota winners now they've
extended this car almost 4 inches most
of which you'll see in the trunk space
and also in the backseat you still have
flip folding seats back here but there's
also a pass-through down the middle so
really it's gonna be more of a 40-40-20
split opposed to the normal 40 60 shut
that down you can see the great dual
exhaust back there let's get a close-up
of this 18 inch wheel looks great
inside we got mb-tex which is a really
strong synthetic it looks feels acts
just like leather but it's more durable
[Music]
this one also comes with keyless go
which is now part of the premium package
before it was always a standalone option
now one of my favorite upgrades they've
made is this open pore black ash wood
it's fantastic you can see all the dials
are just really rich compared to the
c-class before that's what's a major
change you'll see this is a much more
luxury than it ever has been in the past
you can see this has a full panorama
roof is really nice especially for us
tall guys really get a good a good view
there and your passengers in the back
seat get a little light as well you can
see us black ash pour that just runs
throughout just screams the elegance get
a great navigation screen here which is
very high definition
I've got in three 3d mode right now so
you can really see the area nicely see
the styling that runs through here got a
great new mercedes-benz clock and a
really cool feature here the touchpad so
you can navigate everything on the
screen there with with a touch here just
like your smartphone or iPad whichever
there's also miss agility select it's
really cool you can change shift points
in the engine tighten things up a little
bit depending on how you like to drive
there's even an individual mode that you
can change makes things even even that
more to your liking now we talked about
the sports styling on the outside
interior wise we've got this great flat
bottom wheel I mean this is like race
car stuff great paddle shifters here as
well and you can see that they've just
made this steering wheel a lot easier to
use so there's a home button here I can
get to my main screen of information run
through that very simply on the steering
wheel
this thing comes with all kinds of
safety all kinds of convenience and you
even got bluetooth for phone and audio
purposes very easy unbelievable new
c-class you have to see this thing to
believe it come take a look at it Sears
imports we're here in Minnetonka
Minnesota also check out our website
Sears imports calm
[Music]